oob = "DPR_1936"

capital = 227

set_research_slots = 2

set_stability = 0.45

set_war_support = 0.15

recruit_character = denis_pushilin
recruit_character = great_party
recruit_character = girkin_strelkov
recruit_character = Cago
recruit_character = Crico
recruit_character = Estripper
recruit_character = orest_luty
recruit_character = kiva_kivovich
recruit_character = alex_parker
recruit_character = boykisser
recruit_character = bdzmil
recruit_character = morginal
recruit_character = ezik_lisichkin
recruit_character = zdanov
recruit_character = strategdivannogolegiona
recruit_character = ilich_lenin
recruit_character = prigozin_zhenya
recruit_character = grisha_putin
recruit_character = aleksandr_hodakovskiy
recruit_character = aleksey_arestovich
recruit_character = konstantin_kuzmin
recruit_character = alexey_dikiy
recruit_character = edward_basurin
recruit_character = vladimir_joga



add_political_power = 100

set_convoys = 11



set_popularities = {
	democratic = 53
	communism = 27
	fascism = 5
	neutrality = 15
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.07.11"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = Yes
}

set_technology = {
	aa_lmg = 1
	aa_cannon_1 = 1
	engines_1 = 1
	engines_2 = 1
	early_bombs = 1
	aircraft_construction = 1
	iw_small_airframe = 1
	basic_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	basic_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1
	air_torpedoe_1 = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	basic_train = 1
	mobile_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	formation_flying = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
	basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
	engine_tech_1 = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	basic_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	basic_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	basic_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	basic_battleship = 1
	early_battlecruiser = 1
	transport = 1
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	panzerschiffe = 1
	pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	sonar = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1


 }